>> Zac Gordon: So, now what you need to
do on your own is work on doing the same
thing, but you're gonna change the hook so
that it loads in the admin area.
So, deactivate 2.1 and then activate 2.2.
>> Zac Gordon: Do your code, and
then come back to this page.
And when you open the console
in the admin area,
you should actually see that
code running there, okay?
And then, the third time you do it, you'll
see a special link show up in the admin
area, and your custom code will only
show when you click on that custom link.
Because that's our plugin page, okay?
So, let's see where we are after
five minutes, assess, and come back.
Again, it's only a little
bit of copying and pasting.
It shouldn't be too tricky what
we have going on here, okay?